What is the second derivative of f(x)= e^2x?
A. e^2x
B. 2e
C. 4x^2e
D. 2Se^2x
Triangle ABC is right-angled at B.  If AB=9cm and BC=11cm, what is the tangent ratio of angle A to the nearest hundredth?
A. 0.73
B. 0.64
C. 1.22
D. 1.36
The alloy which is formed by the mixture of Copper and Zinc
A. Solder
B. Bronze
C. Brass
D. Gold
What is the unit used to measure the amount of radioactivity?
A. Gray(Gy)
B. Roentgen(R)
C. Becquerel(Bq)
D. Sievert(Sv)
What is called the term which refers to an unhealthful intake of dietary nutrients?
A. Starvation
B. Malnutrition
C. Overcosumption
D. Stress Eating
This is the process by which toxins are passed from one trophic level to the next within a food web.
A. Bioaccumulation
B. Predation
C. Biomagnification
D. Ecological Pyramid
What is an embedded system?
A. A device that accepts information (in the form of digitalized data) and manipulates it
B. A computer present in a single integrated circuit which is dedicated to perform one task or designed to execute a specific operation
C. A set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.
D. A microprocessor-based computer hardware system with software that is designed to perform a dedicated function.
This is an element in communication that refers to the person who conveys his thoughts, message or ideas.
A. Message
B. Sender
C. Channel
D. Receiver
It is a discipline that deals with the structured approach of gathering, displaying, classifying, assessing and measuring qualitative and numerical data for successful decision-making
A. Statistics
B. Mean
C. Data
D. Population
Why did Jose Rizal study in Europe?
A. His parents forced him to go there.
B. To gain knowledge and experiences that would help him fight for the freedom and rights of the Filipino people.
C. He wanted to enjoy traveling and exploring new places.
D. He had no other option for pursuing higher education.
Which dimension of self involves social skills and interpersonal relationships?
A. Emotional Self
B. Social Self
C. Mental Self
D. Physical Self
It was terminated in 1870 due to the unification of Italy?
A. Prussia
B. Roman Empire
C. Papal State
D. Ottoman Empire
A  scape which refers to the circulation of mechanical goods and software.
A. Technoscape
B. Ethnoscape
C. Ideoscape
D. Financescape
These are mental organizations that individuals use to understand their environments and designate action.
A. Schema
B. Assimilation
C. Self-concept
D. Adaptation
